index.md update for OIDC support. Closes #38 (#39)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-kubernetes: docs/index.md

The Kubernetes plugin allows you set the name of kube kubectl context with the `config_context` argument in any connection profile. You may also specify the path to kube config file with `config_path` argument.

> Plugin also supports for Kubernetes clusters with [OIDC](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#openid-connect-tokens) (OpenID Connect) authentication mechanism. In case any limitation, you can raise issue [here](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-kubernetes/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin also supports querying Kubernetes clusters using [OpenID Connect](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#openid-connect-tokens) (OIDC) authentication. No extra configuration is required in a connection profile to query clusters using OIDC.
```
